fix: Add MockTask for testing new model implementations (#4814)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/get_started/usage/cli.md

- [`mteb available_benchmarks`](#listing-available-benchmarks): Lists the available benchmarks
- [`mteb create_meta`](#creating-model-metadata): Creates the metadata for a model card from a folder of results
- [`mteb leaderboard`](#running-the-leaderboard): Runs the MTEB leaderboard locally

> - [`mteb mock-run`](#sanity-checking-model-implementations): Sanity checks a model implementation using mock tasks

Reviewer: Should it be `mteb check-model` or `mteb-validate-model` (cc @Samoed`)?

Not sure which one is best, but I think it can be hard to know what mock run does

Author: We may use either `check-model` or `validate-model`, but from their naming, it doesn't seem to be some kind of mock-task evaluations. I kept `mock-run` because from there, at least we know that it's some kind of mock run(though it doesn't clarify that mock-run runs models on predefined mock tasks).
Whatever you and @Samoed feels better, I will rename it

Reviewer: @Samoed any preference?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about both, because I don't think that we're validating model, but run model agains mock tasks

Author: Same, that's what my thinking was. So,I kept `mock-run`

- `--rebuild`: Force rebuild from full results repository, bypassing cached JSON

For more details on running the leaderboard, see the [leaderboard documentation](leaderboard.md).

> ## Sanity Checking Model Implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checking Model Implementations
```

> To sanity check a model implementation using mock tasks, use the `mteb mock-run` command. This command evaluates the model on a mock task test grid corresponding to its modalities and protocols. It does not require downloading large datasets, making it extremely fast and suitable for local testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sanity check a model implementation using a set of example test tasks, use the `mteb mock-run` command. This command evaluates the model on a set of tasks covering various modalities and task types, while not require any external datasets, making it fast way to test that the implementation works as intended before running larger benchmarks or when implementing a model.
```

For example:

```bash

> mteb mock-run -m sentence-transformers/average_word_embeddings_komninos

Reviewer: Like the CLI though, I think this is the right way to do it.

Author: yes
